hey there and welcome to this Disney
editions edition of Disney geek we're
here on Fifth Avenue in New York City
and we're going to talk to Wendy left
con about some of the newest Disney
editions books plus some that are coming
out in 2013 let's take a look so we're
here with Wendy left kann vice president
editorial director with Disney global
book group I mean just look the stuff
right here on the table and you can see
some of the wonderful books that you put
out and this book right here the Disney
sketchbook now tell me how did you come
up with this idea to do this book we
came up with the idea of what if there
had been a sketchbook that had been
passed around the animation studios over
the years and that people drew on other
peoples pages and added and added and
added and this is our vision of what
that might have been so what you get is
a collection of the very unusual art
done by the Masters of animation over
the years including the nine old men all
the way up to the present time so you're
also working on the memoirs of Mardi
scholar which is a fantastic disney
legend he has so many stories and I
can't wait to see some of those tell me
a little bit about the process of
putting this book together and working
with Margot well working with marty is a
dream come true and the name of his book
is called dream it do it which is one of
Walt old sayings that he used to you
know just assume that he could do
anything he wanted anything he could
dream he could do and Marty as you know
worked at Disney for 54 years and
retired in 2009 and he and I spoke a
little bit he told me he was going to
work on his memoirs and i said i'd
really like to publish those and he did
such a great job on the book he really
did we are now at the stage where we've
created a cover and what we call in our
business of an galley which is actually
will be a printed version of the book
not on the great paper that the real
book will be on not with a real cover
the cover will have a little burst on it
that says you know cover not Final Four
bangali purposes only but those go out
to salespeople to bookstore owners and
to the media to try to get attention
before the book comes out and the book
is just full of both personal stories
stories about working very closely with
Walt in the early days stories about the
most recent parks that Marty worked on
he's the only person to have ever worked
on all of the Disney parks all over the
world and there's lots of personal
things there's family things we have
great family photos of Marty as a young
boy with his family and we have Marty's
wedding picture and we've got all sorts
of wonderful memos and letters and we
spent some time at the Imagineering
photo library a couple of weeks ago and
we picked out just fantastic photos also
we have Peter in the Starcatchers which
is now a Broadway show which were really
excited about and I'm curious there's
there's Peter and the Starcatcher is the
book and everybody wants to know and
there's Peter and the Starcatcher no s
the play and that was a very deliberate
decision by the playwright and the
directors and the reason was that this
book takes you on an adventure that
would probably be a six or seven our
play and by scaling down the plot a
little bit and focusing on one
particular star catcher who is Molly
that's where we thought they thought and
we agreed and the authors agreed that
dropping us would be just the right
thing to do so from page to stage we're
gonna go see the show next all right
well we're here at the brooks atkinson
theatre on forty-seventh Street in
Manhattan and i'm joined by celia
keenan-bolger who plays Molly and Peter
in the starcatcher yes so what's it been
like seeing the show just really blossom
and become you know when five tony
awards it's amazing i mean i think when
we all started doing this show three
years ago we started it in la jolla
california in a tiny theater if you
would have told me then that you know we
would have made it to Broadway and been
the most tony-nominated at American play
ever and one than what was Tony Awards
this year for a play I don't know that I
would have ever believed it but it's a
really amazing thing to be a part of the
whole show is about kids using their
imagination to create all this stuff so
even from the props the sets like you
said everything's made out of something
right yes yes like things that you could
basically find around your own house and
you know sometimes when people come
backstage they're like can I see this
can I see this and the parents are like
when we get home we can make one of
those as well so it's it's it's so
exciting to get to have something in the
theater
that also you can take home with you and
and sort of use your imagination outside
of the fear we're going to go backstage
and we're gonna learn how to use some of
these props that yours I love it good
this is Carson hi I'm Carson are we
gonna be washing dishes or what are we
doing today um no this is actually one
of the most creative and amazing
inhabitants of mollusk Island soon-to-be
never land this is a bird we're not
exactly sure what kind of bird we
haven't given a name but it's a bird
indigenous to mollusk I want just go
with it yeah yeah so yeah that is so
it's in it yeah well I mean yes to the
layperson it definitely could be used to
protect one's hand yes water while
washing the dishes but that this is
abroad this isn't the world yes yeah
awesome let's see it well you want to
watch it become the bird from yeah oh I
know the key to that is to make sure
that the hand goes in not the way that
the glove goes that would be the
inappropriate way so you go like this
and then the hand goes in and talks like
this and then you have something that
can land well hello there hello to you
I'm not I'm not Mike 24 whistling
actually am like so maybe it's a
beautiful there you go nice and that's
it that's kind of stuff we're doing all
night at Peter in the starcatcher own
blood so we're joined on stage with Matt
and Matt who are also in the show and
what's it like to use your imaginations
I mean I'm put together these ordinary
props into these great scenes oh I I
remember wrestling watching wrestling
when I was young and so that's the thing
that I remember when we get into the
fight I think oh my gosh I'm one of
these big wrestlers and I get to fight
another one yeah yeah you sell it you
know you sell the big fight and and we
fight instead of a we do kind of a
classic fight but but instead of using
swords I have a table leg and I have a
toilet plunger
right and these are our swords in this
nice let's see you guys do it go Oh me
God's anointed fellow jointed to nipple
pointed belly whopper I'm young an easy
easy peasy japanesey battle cry vidoes
dinner shot shake me Winkle pinner pakka
shall I compare thee to a summers day
ooh very lies a jumped-up cabin boy are
you okay oh yeah wow we do the if you do
that every night digit we really like
each other and that's gonna do it for
this episode of disney geek thank you to
disney editions and the cast and crew of
peter and the starcatcher i can't wait
to go home and find out what I can make
out of the things i have there until
next time
you